docs: instructs avoiding inline comments in a filter-file (#8140)
rclone/rclone: docs/content/filtering.md

Arrange the order of filter rules with the most restrictive first and
work down.

> Inline comments are not supported. These comments alter the filtering action of the
> associated filter. _Use `-vv --dump filters` to see how they appear in the final regexp._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lines starting with # or ; are ignored, and can be used to write comments. Inline comments are not supported. _Use `-vv --dump filters` to see how they appear in the final regexp._
```

E.g. for `filter-file.txt`:

    # a sample filter rule file
    - secret*.jpg
    + *.jpg
    + *.png
    + file2.avi

>     - /dir/tmp/** # WARNING! The inline comment nullifies this exclusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - /dir/tmp/** # WARNING! This text will be treated as part of the path.
```
